Previously on
"The Rookie"...
I think there's
someone in my house.
I'm only gonna ask you once.
Who sent you?
- Go to hell.
- I'll meet you there.
Charlie's starting today.
He's the private
security guy I hired.
Mr. Evers, Charlie Bristow
from X Ring Security.
- Are you breaking up with me?
- I'm sorry.
Nolan mentioned
that you might be looking
for a new roommate.
My current living situation,
it really sucks.
And I totally understand
if it's too soon.
Just thought I'd throw it
out there just in case.
I actually think
that's a really great idea.
Aww.
The hell
are you doing up here?
It wasn't supposed
to go down like this.
Did you compromise the op?
Who did you tell?
- I can't.
- Why not?
Because she knows
all my secrets.
Who does?
I'm sorry.
Hey.
What happened?
Mad Dog was in a bad way
when I got here.
Amped up on guilt,
confessed to being dirty.
Said he flipped
because she knew his secrets.
Then he jumped.
- Who's she?
- Blair London.
- He used her name?
No, it's clear
who he was talking about.
Clear to you maybe,
but you got to be very careful
making accusations
before you have proof.
Hell of a thing, huh?
I heard you were with him
when he went over.
- You assigned to this?
- Yeah.
Thought I was gonna have
a quiet evening,
but the universe hates me.
You're saying Mad Dog jumped?
I'm not saying anything.
That's what happened.
Okay, look, I'm not trying
to jam you up here, Bradford,
but this needs
to be handled correctly.
Your buddy just led
an operation that resulted
in his entire team
being blown up.
There's a lot of eyes on this.
- Understood.
And Sergeant Bradford
will be forthcoming
answering your questions.
But first,
you're required to tell me
if your line of questioning
will lead to discipline.
I mean, I can't rule
that out at this point,
but that's not where my head
is at, unless it should be.
Asking the question
isn't prejudicial.
It's something we would all do.
And since you can't
rule out discipline,
Sergeant Bradford
is required to have
an attorney
and union rep present
before being questioned.
All right,
you want to play it that way,
I'll meet you
back at the station
when you have all your ducks
in a row.
But first, you need
to answer this question now.
Did you touch him?
Did he touch you?
Am I gonna find your DNA
on him or his on you?
Never got closer
than a few feet.
Great.
Thank you.
I'd watch my back with him.
If he thinks he can make
a career move
climbing over you, he will.
Whoo!
Hey, I was starting to think
I should have left some stuff
in storage.
We can go through it all
after shift.
Uh, I'm pretty sure I have some
space in my basement locker.
Knock, knock. Hey.
Hey! What are you doing here?
Oh, I just thought
I would come by,
support my rookie
as she transitions
to a new, more stable
home environment.
You came to make sure
I'm not late for shift.
Yes, because that would be
a poor reflection on me,
and my performance review
is coming up.
And you, how you doing?
I'm good, mostly, I guess.
There's just so much change,
you know?
But maybe big change
is a good thing.
I'm clearly going through
a big upheaval right now,
which is hard on the psyche.
But, you know,
ultimately, hopefully,
um, it will be a necessary
and positive period
of emotional growth, so...
yeah, I'm good.
Great.
Lopez is calling me.
Hi.
Hey, something happened
to Tim last night.
He's not hurt, but it looks
like he was there
when Mad Dog jumped off
the roof of the hospital.
Oh, my God.
both: What happened?
- Uh, where--where is Tim now?
- On his way to the station.
You know the drill.
He's gonna have to answer
a lot of questions,
and they won't let us near him
till he's done.
But I thought you'd want
to know, despite everything.
Yeah, no.
Thank you so much
for telling me.
Um, please let me know
if you hear anything else.
Will do.
What happened?
Mad Dog killed himself
in front of Tim.
Why?
It's Tim.
Hey, we just heard
what happened.
You all right?
I'm fine,
but I need my union rep.
Yeah, I'll be there
in 20 minutes.
He needs his union rep.
Wait, John.
Uh, how did he sound?
Tight.
You're clearly in danger.
I'm not asking you
to hide in a closet.
I'm just saying
security needs to be
more of a primary concern.
It is.
That's why I hired you.
But I lead a busy life,
and I will not live it in fear.
So your job is to keep me safe
while I do my thing.
Yes, ma'am. Who should I
coordinate with at the LAPD?
Who's investigating
the case on you?
Forget about the LAPD.
I have zero confidence
that they have
my best interest at heart.
Makes my job harder.
But that's a me problem.
All right, well, we're gonna
start on our site survey
and do a bug sweep
of your offices.
I'll coordinate with your
assistant on scheduling.
This phone is
only for emergencies.
Did you see the news?
Mad Dog killed himself
last night.
It's one less thread
to tie up.
That's horrible
and also wrong.
Tim Bradford was with him
the night that he jumped,
which means
we need to be worried
that Mad Dog might have said
something about us.
He doesn't know
about us, only you...
unless you betrayed me.
No, I never told him
where the information
he was giving me was going.
But I am exposed here,
and you told me
that I would be protected.
And you will be.
But I have problems of my own.
I still don't know
who tried to kill me.
And Harper and Lopez
are going to try to pin
my hit man's death on me.
So you need to get to work.
Jack up the cops we have
under our thumb.
We need real-time intel
on where the LAPD is
with these investigations.
Okay, I can do that.
Promise me
that this will work out.
I promise.
Hold it together.
Yeah, I need you to come in
for a session.
Yes, now.
Monica's the killer.
Can you put her
in John Doe's room?
- No.
- And the autopsy?
Preliminary cause of death
is stroke.
But that's
what it would look like
if she put an air bubble
in his IV.
Oh, so you have fingerprints
on the syringe?
No.
Look, I know
we have work to do.
But I don't buy for a second
that he just happened to code
during the chaos
at the hospital.
She used that opportunity
to take him out.
You do not have
to convince me.
You have to convince
the DA's office and a jury.
So any progress
on the other case,
the one where Monica's
a victim, not a suspect?
You mean do we know
who tried to kill her?
We do not.
We don't even know
if it was a hit attempt
or just a home invasion.
It was a hit attempt.
Monica wouldn't kill the guy
if it was a simple robbery
gone wrong.
It's hard to establish motive
without a clear ID,
and we don't have him
in any database.
Keep looking.
When we figure out
who attacked Monica,
it'll help us understand
her motive for murder.
How is Tim doing?
He's being Tim
about the whole thing.
All right, union rep
reporting for duty.
Bring me up to speed.
Who is
the investigating officer?
Pearson.
Not the best,
but not the worst.
He's gonna try to hang this
around my neck.
Department needs a scapegoat
for what went down yesterday,
and now their primary candidate
is dead.
At best, I'll be sidelined,
which is why I need you
to take over the investigation.
- Investigation into what?
- Not what, who.
Okay.
Blair London--
rookie police psychiatrist.
I've been seeing her.
So has Aaron.
I believe she had leverage
on Mad Dog,
and that's why
he betrayed the Metro op,
and that's why he jumped.
Close the door.
I can't stay.
I have a case.
I know.
Mad Dog's suicide.
I need you
to scrub the apartment
and make sure there is
nothing incriminating
about me in there.
Mad Dog was reporting to you?
What'd you have on him?
It doesn't matter now.
I need to make sure he didn't
say my name before he jumped.
Bradford lawyered up.
It could mean
that he knows something
and doesn't know who to trust.
So we need to isolate
and neutralize him,
because if he gives me up,
the recordings from your
sessions go straight to IA.
You're making a big leap.
I gotta go
where the evidence takes me.
People heard
arguing on the roof.
Mad Dog showed none of
the classic suicide precursors,
and Tim was forced
out of Metro--
enough to make anybody
angry and jealous.
You're guessing
as to his state of mind.
I'm afraid not.
Tell him what you told me.
I'd rather not.
People say things in sessions
that they would never act on.
Emotions are elevated and--
You work for the city.
You have an ethical
and legal obligation
to report anything that
could be seen as dangerous.
I know.
I've been seeing
Sergeant Bradford
for a couple weeks.
He came to me
with anger issues.
He had a lot of resentment
about leaving Metro.
- Doesn't mean he's a killer.
- No, of course not.
But I witnessed
a heightened interaction
between Sergeant Bradford
and Mad Dog-- Matt--
in the parking garage
yesterday morning.
I feel if I wasn't there
that it would have escalated.
Did you see evidence
that Mad Dog was depressed?
No.
Bradford needs to be put
on admin leave immediately,
pending further investigation.
- He has important cases--
- He's dangerous.
But you've always looked
the other way, haven't you?
Just last month,
he was under IA investigation
and drummed out of Metro,
and you welcomed him back
like nothing happened.
It is a failure to supervise
and a failure
to put your city's needs
ahead of your friendship.
Keep this up, and you'll be
facing discipline.
Detective Pearson.
John Nolan.
I'm sure you're aware, I am--
- Union rep. Got it.
You planning on staying
for Bradford's interview?
Yep.
Well, then
before we get started,
I want to be up-front
about this.
I've been on the case
for three hours,
and I'm already deeply troubled
by what I've discovered.
I want to hear
what you have to say,
but no matter how
you answer these questions,
you're on leave,
effective immediately.
Hey, did you hear
Tim got put on admin leave?
- No, who told you that?
- Smitty.
What's that?
Oh, hold on.
Hey.
If you're filing charges
against him,
you need to give me a heads-up.
If I was filing charges,
the last thing I would do
is compromise the case
with any hint of impropriety.
- I'm standing by him 1,000%.
- I know.
Look, I haven't even made it
into the office.
Can we talk later?
- He's family.
I know.
I'll call you later, okay?
- Drama at work?
- Something like that.
Hey. Can I help you?
I'm looking for Sidney.
Yo, what the hell
are you doing?
Can't be ignoring his calls.
Hey, hold on. Back up.
I didn't invite you in.
- I work for her boss.
- I'm her boss.
Nah. You're just in my way.
Now, he wants you back.
Grab your things.
She's not going anywhere.
This is none
of your business, man.
Hmm.
So what's your plan, genius?
You gonna shoot your way in,
kidnap her in broad daylight?
All recorded in HD
from our home security system
that's linked
right into the cloud.
How far do you think
you're gonna make it?
A mile, two, maybe.
Is that worth
a life sentence to you?
Boss ain't gonna like this.
What the hell was that?
- I am so sorry.
- Sorry doesn't come close.
An armed man was at my house.
You need to tell me why.
- I-I can't. I signed an NDA.
- Screw your NDA!
Okay, let me explain to you
how this looks, okay?
Your last employer
was obviously a criminal.
You left him and sought out
a job working for two cops,
a job where you might come
in contact with our computers,
a job where you might
overhear conversations
about the DA's office.
That is not it at all.
I swear.
I didn't even know who he was
when I took the job.
I mean, not--not really.
I-I still don't.
Look, he does something
in finance.
Name?
Christian Batista.
They call the guy
at the door Head Shot.
You thought a guy in finance
had a bodyguard
named Head Shot?
Los Angeles is weird.
I'm from Ohio.
I--
I was naive.
I get that now.
But the kids were sweet,
and I didn't want
to abandon them, so...
I stuck it out, even after
I realized he was a bad guy.
Christian Batista
isn't just a bad guy.
He's a professional
money launderer.
Half the criminal organizations
in the city use his services.
He has been one step ahead
ever since he moved
into the number one position
two years ago.
Would you be willing
to work for him again?
What, like, as a spy?
You wouldn't have to do
anything dangerous,
just pay attention
to who comes and goes,
see what you overhear.
No way.
I-I can't go back there.
He's awful, cruel, and creepy.
I mean, it got to a point where
I was having panic attacks
on my way into work.
I'm--I'm really sorry,
but I-I can't--
I can't do that.
All right, then you are gonna
have to sell him
on a new nanny.
What are you doing?
To be clear, I'm still mad
at you, okay?
This doesn't change anything.
What doesn't?
Are you okay?
I am now.
- Hey.
- We need you for a case.
- Of course.
Just say the word, and I'll
have you on a private plane
to a non-extradition country.
It's not gonna come to that.
There is zero evidence
of wrongdoing
because there wasn't any.
- If I can do anything--
- I appreciate that.
You had my back
on the last thing.
I put different forces
into play.
Different's not me.
I'll see you later.
Bradford was
clearly being cagey.
Your questioning
was aggressive.
Tim was being measured.
Of course you would say that.
Well, he certainly
has it in for Tim.
We ask everyone else
to trust our process.
We should too.
Sir, before you came in,
Tim asked me to look
into something delicate.
He thinks--
- I know what he thinks.
- Are you sure?
Because what he said was--
- Insane?
And, if true,
a disaster of epic proportions?
I'm sure.
With your permission,
I'd like
to sit out patrol today,
conduct an investigation.
No.
You and Officer Juarez
would like a professional
development day.
And I'm granting that request.
But don't come back until
you have something concrete.
We don't know who we can trust.
And if I'm questioned,
I'll be compelled to answer.
So the less I know, the better.
Understood.
Remember,
you're responsible for her.
Don't compromise her career
before it starts.
Yes, sir.
Juarez.
That's crazy.
How could they suspect Tim?
Let's talk in private.
What's
professional development?
It's just BS.
I need to look into something
on the down-low.
You don't have to help me.
This is gonna be
a sticky situation,
and I will understand if you
want to sit this one out.
And you can't tell me
what it is before I decide?
I cannot.
This is so cool.
Okay, I'm in. What's going on?
Tim believes Dr. London
blackmailed Mad Dog.
That's why he betrayed
the Metro op.
Aaron's shrink?
No, that can't be.
Aaron raves about her.
Oh, I know.
But Tim is convinced.
And if she's blackmailed
one cop, there may be more.
- You don't think Aaron...
- I don't know.
I don't think
he would betray us,
but we can't rule it out
either.
Anyone she sees
could be a problem.
Okay, so we need a list
of her patients.
No. Confidential.
It's impossible to get a judge
to sign off on that
without clear evidence
of a criminal conspiracy.
Wait, Smitty's gonna solve
our problem.
I'm sorry,
it sounds like you said
Smitty was gonna help solve
our problem.
Mm-hmm.
What's up, homeys?
Aaron says you hang out
in the waiting room
of the Department of Psychiatry
office.
Hey, where I spend my breaks
is my business.
No, agreed,
but you do see who comes in
for therapy sessions.
- Sure.
- How often are you there?
- Ah, let's see.
Vending machines get restocked
on Mondays and Thursdays.
Uh, Dr. Mendelson brings in
cupcakes on Tuesdays.
Red velvet, yum.
Uh, shrinks cater
an interoffice meeting
on Wednesday,
and there's always leftovers.
You're there
from Monday through Thursday?
And Friday.
The Personnel office
next door holds a mixer
with passed hors d'oeuvres.
Smitty, that's every single--
never mind.
Don't--I just...
how would you like to take
an extra-long break today?
All you have to do is tell us
everyone who sees Dr. London.
Sure thing.
But I gotta tell you right now,
it's a long list.
It's cops
from all over the city.
We'll need every name
you can remember,
plus anyone who sees her today.
That sounds like a lot of work.
What is this, anyway?
All you need to know is,
it'll help Tim,
and he's counting on you.
He told us Smitty is the man,
and he's the only one
we can trust with this.
Say no more.
What?
Dr. London's been talking
to cops from all over the city
for six months.
There's no telling how many
cases she's compromised.
Yeah, but someone
would have noticed by now.
Ah, here she is.
Hey, you.
Oh, hi.
Any idea how old
this yogurt is?
Oh, I'm guessing
Reagan administration.
We need your help.
Ooh, do I get
to kick in a door?
Is it hard?
It's hard, right?
It's not easy, but that's
not where this is going.
Look, as a dispatcher,
you are at the nexus
of all police activity.
Have you noticed any uptick
in failed
police actions lately?
Anything like, um, attempts
to locate that came up null?
Like someone warned a target.
Right, or a warrant where
the disposition was N-Nora?
Yes.
I thought I was imagining it,
but the fail rate is up
all over the city.
- How much?
- It's subtle.
Most people wouldn't notice it,
but I did.
Of course you did.
Could you pull a list for me
of everything
that's gone sideways
in the last six months
and the officers
who were attached
to those failed actions?
Absolutely.
I'll get right on it.
Oh, is there any chance I could
record all this for my podcast?
Oh, um...
- Get back to me.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- She has a podcast?
- It's good.
Hmm.
- Lopez, you have a minute?
- Barely.
Look, I know you're close
with Bradford,
and I just wanted to say
none of this is personal.
It's just a job.
Is that it?
I gotta get in there.
Something break
on your John Doe murder?
No, we're juggling
a lot today.
Have you ever worked
on anything
connected to Christian Batista?
The money launderer?
No. You got a way in?
Too soon to tell.
Thanks.
All right,
how are you with kids?
- I nannied for two years.
- Perfect.
Uh, Batista needs child care,
and his former nanny...
Our current nanny.
Is willing
to sing your praises.
Wow.
Okay, that's a lot.
Um, I still need to land
the job, though, right?
We can create
fake references.
You should start setting up
social media now,
establish a life.
- No need.
I've actually got
eight undercover identities
that I regularly feed.
It takes, like,
12 off-duty hours to grow,
but, you know, I thought I was
gonna make detective, so...
Any of them have
nanny experience?
Uh, no, but there's one
that might work, actually.
She has no criminal history,
college graduate,
a little lost in life,
but on paper,
she'll look good to them.
- Hey, am I interrupting?
- A little. What do you need?
Well, we processed
the last of the license plates
for cars parked
in the four-block radius
around Monica's house.
All are registered to neighbors
or employees of neighbors.
So we can assume Monica's
attacker didn't drive there.
Mm-hmm,
and Ubering to a crime scene
seems not smart.
So you're thinking
there was a partner?
Yeah, and he took off
when he heard sirens coming.
Great.
What is Monica doing here?
Keep prepping.
We'll circle back.
Jumpy. I've got it.
Angela, how's baby Jack?
Not a baby anymore.
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry.
How do you two know each other?
Oh, I worked for Angela
and Wesley about a year ago.
Oh.
That'll teach me to do
a deeper dive on references.
You're working
for Monica now?
- Just started.
- You know, call me crazy,
but hiring private security
indicates a worry
about impending danger.
Which would imply
that Monica thinks
she was attacked deliberately
rather than the victim
of a random burglary.
There you go again, trying
to make my trauma my fault.
But I'm the victim here.
And as such,
I'm entitled to know
about the investigation
into my attack.
Per the crime victims'
bill of rights,
you have to share
the details of my case.
So share.
Okay, on paper,
Blair is totally clean--
modest apartment, modest car.
If she's doing this
for the money,
it's hard to see
where it's going.
Any criminal history?
Ah, just a grad school DUI
and no family
with ties to Barrio Rosa.
If we want to get more insight,
we need to talk
to people who know her.
Yeah, but we don't want
to risk tipping her off.
You know, there is
one known associate
we haven't investigated yet--
Mad Dog.
A séance.
I like it.
Or we could just search
his apartment.
Right, yeah, yeah,
probably easier.
But one of these days,
you're gonna say yes
to a séance.
I got a problem.
Monica's here,
and she wants to exercise
her rights as a victim.
What exactly are we required
to tell her?
I can't answer that.
Just by you calling me
about this,
Monica could assert collusion.
I am hanging up,
but I love you.
Bye.
We're on our own.
Hmm, what else is new?
Have you identified
my attacker?
- No.
- Why not?
He's not in the system.
Do you have any idea
why he targeted me?
We do not.
Was he working alone?
We don't believe so.
Why?
We're not at liberty
to say at this point.
We have to protect
sources and means.
I'll file a complaint
with the department.
Go ahead--I'm sure they will
get to it by next year.
Am I under investigation?
That information
is not within the bounds
of the Victims' Rights Act.
- That is a yes.
- That's none of your business.
Sorry, when can I
expect payment
from the state victims' fund?
We'll get started on that
paperwork as soon as possible.
Great.
I expect to be apprised
of all future developments.
Of course.
We need to find John Doe's
accomplice before she does.
It's a toxic household.
They went through eight nannies
in the 12 months
before they hired me.
I would have stayed
with my last family forever,
but the kids grew up.
So here I am.
I mean, Mr. Batista
is casually cruel,
and Mrs. Batista drinks
a lot to manage it.
But, I mean,
she does love the kids.
I understand how stressful
parenthood can be,
and I see my role
as helping to alleviate that
as much as possible.
I have a perfect
driving record.
I'm great with homework.
I speak Cantonese,
as well as a little bit
of Spanish.
And while I understand
that discipline is important,
a certain amount of play
is healthy
for childhood development.
Joshua, Esther,
come over here.
What have I told you
about spying?
What do you say?
both: Sorry.
Bums are sorry.
A man apologizes
when he makes a mistake.
Yes, sir.
We apologize for spying.
I'm sorry.
Go start your homework.
both: Yes, Father.
Okay, you seem fine,
and we need someone now,
but you are on a short leash.
See the house manager
on your way out.
Yes, sir. I'm looking forward
to getting started.
Thank you.
Well, we got
Pearson's property receipt.
What did he take?
Just a few firearms,
laptop, and not much else.
What exactly are we
looking for?
"Dear diary, today Blair
started blackmailing me"?
We should be so lucky.
All right,
let's tear this place apart.
- Stay with the car.
- I can't do that.
Well, you can't come in.
I need to have
a privileged conversation.
Then I'll walk you
to the door.
It's nonnegotiable.
Fine.
Gundo is expecting me.
I'm the lawyer.
Yeah.
- All right.
Thank you for seeing me.
Oh.
You kept my nephew
out of prison.
It's the least I could do.
What do you think?
You want the truth?
The truth is that, uh...
it's good
for my blood pressure.
I'll make this quick.
A hit man came after me.
Cops can't ID him,
and neither can I,
which means he must be
from out of town.
I need to know who sent him.
Risky move coming here.
You got a price on your head,
maybe I should collect.
I promise I'm worth
more to you alive.
I heard a lot
of talk about you.
You got some secret pipeline
into the LAPD,
selling information
to the highest bidder.
Wow.
You're acting
like you own this city.
Oh, no, no, no.
I have no illusions
about who really runs
these streets.
I'm simply
an information broker.
Nothing more.
I just need a name.
And I'm willing to pay you
to track it down.
Hmm.
Let's go.
- Everything okay?
- Not yet.
Ah, we struck out.
Pearson didn't take much
because there wasn't much.
Ooh, what's that?
Extensive notes on his...
fantasy football draft.
Okay, so the search
is officially a bust.
Maybe not.
Here to relieve me?
Thank God.
I'm way over-caffeinated.
No, I'm here
to see Dr. Blair.
Is she in with a patient?
- Yeah, with Cooper from Vice.
Session should be over
in a few.
It's over now.
- Um, I'm with a patient.
- Yeah.
Don, hey, I'm so sorry.
I need to talk to the doc.
I'm in crisis.
Thanks so much
for understanding.
Say hi to Helen for me.
What the hell do you think
you're doing?
Mad Dog didn't give the ops
plans to Barrio Rosa directly.
There was an intermediary--you.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Nash will never walk again.
Mad Dog is dead.
I don't think you wanted
for either of those things
to happen.
I think you want to do
the right thing,
but you're scared.
Make a deal with us.
We can protect you.
I don't know
where you're getting this.
Found this
in Mad Dog's apartment.
It lays out everything.
Whatever is in that notebook
is a lie.
Matt was a deeply troubled man,
and I only wish I knew
how deeply before his death.
Now, I have
another patient coming.
You need to leave.
I don't think you're running
this alone, Blair.
You only started this job
six months ago.
There's no way you hatched
a plan to criminalize cops
and then developed contacts
with gangs and cartels
all on your own,
which means
you're a potential weak link.
Weak links get fixed
permanently.
I'm not the one
you need to be afraid of.
I'm your best shot
at getting out of this alive.
- How did she take it?
- We're about to find out.
Hey, TSA came through
with a fingerprint match
and ID'd the John Doe
who attacked Monica--
Samuel Desta.
He came in
on a Portuguese passport
traveling
with one Andrei Gwarzo.
I pulled footage of them
in their rental car
driving away from the airport.
- New car.
Probably has satellite radio
we can track.
Technically,
we owe Monica a call
now that we have found
her attacker and his partner.
Technically,
that call should come
from the community liaison.
Who has gone home already.
Is it weird that I'm nervous
walking through the bullpen,
waiting to see which cop reacts
to your conversation
with Blair?
No, I'm a little on edge too.
Okay,
what if nothing happens?
What the hell were you doing
in Mad Dog's apartment?
That's my scene.
It's my case.
- I had a warrant.
If you so much as removed
a speck of dust,
you're going down
for obstruction.
Hey, hey, hey.
Why are you yelling at my guys?
- They interfered with my case!
- Then you come talk to me!
If anyone needs discipline,
I'll handle it.
Stay in your lane.
Thank you for that.
- Do I want to know?
- Not yet.
Okay, so you rattled Blair,
and she called Pearson.
And he's in charge
of Mad Dog's case,
which explains why
he's gunning so hard for Tim.
Okay, so what's
our next move?
We need to see
how deep this rot goes.
Did Smitty give you
Blair's patient list?
Yeah.
Let's put the fear of God
into them.
Oh, hey, Mike, really quick--
as your union rep, I just
wanted to give you a heads-up
about the department
psychiatrist.
I'm just hearing
that Dr. London's
getting investigated.
I wouldn't want you
to get pulled into that.
I got a great therapist
if you need to make a change.
I'm not worried
at this point.
It's probably nothing
more than a witch hunt.
But as your union rep,
I just wanted you to know
I'm looking out for you.
Oh, and vote for Nolan 2025.
- You think it worked?
I think Blair's getting
a lot of frantic phone calls.
Hopefully it'll rattle her
enough to reach out.
Impeccable, as always.
You did something different.
New lipstick?
New enemy.
Someone is trying to kill me,
and I need to know who.
And you're
in a unique position,
being surrounded by members
of every criminal organization
in California.
Well, if you're here
for the hot prison goss,
it's gonna cost you.
What do you know?
I'm feeling generous.
I like the sound of that.
Give me the 411.
Two men came after me.
One attacked me in my home.
The other is in the wind.
What happened
to the guy who attacked you?
Dead,
under mysterious circumstances.
Nice.
What else can you tell me?
They were professionals,
not local.
Follow the money.
I don't have access
to their accounts.
Yes, but you know whoever
hired them was a criminal
who had dirty money
that he needed clean
to make the payment.
One man controls 80% of
the laundering in this city--
Christian Batista.
Okay, these answers
are correct,
but is this
your best handwriting?
No eraser.
You're not getting out
of redoing it that easily.
I'll go get you another one.
Stay here, okay?
Coming!
Can I help you?
I'm here to see
Christian Batista.
I have an appointment.
Satellite radio
still got you on hold?
She told me to call back when
I had the court order number.
I told her it took 15 minutes
just to get a live person--
Yes, I'm still here.
My partner is on the phone
right now with the court clerk.
No, it's not in my email.
We'll have the number
literally in two seconds.
He's still reading it?
Can you tell him that this is
an in-progress
life-threatening event?
- Maybe five.
- Yes, exigent circumstance--
yes, I will hold.
These are
exigent circumstances.
Can't you override it?
No, don't call corporate
and get back to me.
It's coming right now--
literally five more seconds.
Yes, Judge Walter Gonzalez,
today's date, uh, uh,
court authorization number
122-4-69.
Okay, got it--
Judge Walter Gonzalez,
today's date, court
authorization number 122-4-69.
GPS tracking
via satellite radio
for suspect vehicle,
rental car stock...
Number LA-592B-boy.
both:
Thank you.
Whew, yes.
I'll pull up the location
for Gwarzo's vehicle.
And I'll call dispatch
and have them make
an attempt to locate event,
10-36, not for broadcast.
You're building quite
a reputation for yourself.
I hear you're selling
police reports and information
to half the criminal
organizations in town.
Smart.
Intel is the currency
of the future.
I also hear you had
a recent near-death experience.
My guess is, you're here to see
if I can tell you
who sent them.
Your guess is correct.
I don't know
what to tell you.
It wasn't me.
You're a money launderer.
Everyone uses your services.
The only person with better
connections in this town is me.
Ask around.
I'll make it worth your while.
I'll see what I can do.
It was a pleasure
meeting you.
Likewise.
Vera will see you out.
♪ This old man,
he played one ♪
♪ He played knick-knack
on my thumb ♪
♪ With a knick-knack
paddywhack ♪
♪ Give a dog a bone
♪ This old man came
rolling home ♪
♪ This old man,
he played two ♪
7769 Windsor Court, room 216.
King's Court Motel.
You better hurry.
They're on the move now.
You have 15 minutes tops.
Hey.
Thanks for helping out.
Of course.
What do you need?
We're looking for this guy,
Andrei Gwarzo.
Recent photo.
Unknown criminal history.
- Is he armed?
- Yeah, almost certainly.
You need to leave!
Hey, you need
to get out of here now!
Detain that punk.
Go after the shooter!
We got the room!
Police!
Open up!
Clear.
Control, 2331.
Andrei Gwarzo is GOA.
My guys held up their end.
Yeah, I never go back
on my word.
Free representation
starts today
with those two kids
that got arrested.
What do you have
in mind for him?
He's gonna tell me
who sent him.
You are swimming
in deep water.
No one keeps
their hands clean here.
You want the name, you get it.
Not a problem.
But I'm gonna need something
a lot sharper in a few minutes.
Hi.
Gosh, this must be awkward
for you.
I'm the target,
and yet you're the one
that's about to be dismembered.
- Wait.
- No.
It's not
question-and-answer time.
Not yet.
I need you to know
that I mean business
when I'm talking to you,
and I need to be sure
that you're telling the truth.
Take off his shoes.
- No, no!
No!
It was Monica. Has to be.
She got to him before we did.
- Yeah, but how?
- Hey, how was your day?
- Long.
- Kids are a lot.
- No, the kids were a breeze.
Monica stopping by the house
was what the issue was.
What?
Is Batista a client?
It seems like they just met.
Sounds like she's got
someone after her,
and she wants him
to ask around.
That's why she didn't have
Andrei killed on the spot.
She needed to torture
the name out of him.
- You working tomorrow?
- I don't know.
But with Monica
visiting the house,
my cover's not gonna last
very long.
We will get you extra backup.
We need to know
what Monica is up to.
Okay.
"Three cops came in
for emergency sessions.
"Beach umbrella emoji.
Sorry, wrong key.
"Floppy disk emoji.
Barber pole emoji.
What is wrong with this phone?"
Okay, I'm not that great
with texting,
but I'm better than this.
Much.
You've been here all day...
spying on me.
No, I just like
a quality snack.
Hey.
♪ The line is very fine
Nolan, we need to talk.
- Detective, you got a minute?
- Kind of busy.
It's important.
♪ And I'm riding it
all the time ♪
Take a seat.
- What is this?
- Take a seat.
♪ My breath is my life
Do you want to tell us
why you accessed
the ATL for Andrei Gwarzo?
I don't answer to you.
No, you don't.
You answer to Blair London.
That's why
you laid into Nolan
when he started looking
into Mad Dog,
to protect Blair.
Same reason you went so hard
after Tim.
Will this line of questioning
lead to discipline?
Absolutely.
Then I'm not saying another
word without my lawyer.
In that case,
you're on administrative leave,
effective immediately.
♪ I am one step away
I would have come
to your office.
There's a hidden camera.
That's how you blackmailed
Mad Dog--
with recordings
of his therapy sessions.
I didn't think
anyone would get hurt.
You compromised
investigations.
I know, but one more
drug dealer on the street--
what difference does that make?
I never wanted Mad Dog to die
or Nash to end up paralyzed.
They said
no one would get hurt.
- Who said that?
- I can't go to prison.
I'll tell you everything,
but I want immunity
and a new life.
If you promise
full cooperation,
we can make that happen,
but you're gonna have
to tell us who you report to.
I will when I have a deal.
♪ I am one bend away
Eric Ramsey
is the man after me.
Yikes.
Former client?
- No.
I don't know
why he wants me dead.
Well, you are getting
more powerful by the day.
It was just a matter of time
before somebody
was gonna take their shot.
You need to take him out
before he tries again.
That's where you come in.
Ramsey is untouchable,
heavily protected.
His home is a fortress,
and I need a way in.
Kelso.
He's a dangerous man.
He was also
Ramsey's right hand
until he got convicted
on drug charges.
You think he'll have insight
into Ramsey's vulnerability,
and you want me
to torture it out of him.
What's in it for me?
Name your price.
♪ To see what I'm made of
I want you to help me break
out of prison.
♪ To see what I'm made of
Deal.
Damn it.